ciao+SD_adv_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO barato
ciao+SD_adv_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO caro
ciao+SD_adv_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO decadente
ciao+SD_adv_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO duro
ciao+SD_adv_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO mejor
ciao+SD_adv_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO solo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO acondicionado
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO amigo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO atractivo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO borracho
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO clasico
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO clásico
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO contrario
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO culpable
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO descontento
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO enemigo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO enfermo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO estafador
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO fanatico
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO fanático
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO ideal
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO idiota
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO incomodo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO inutil
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO inútil
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO loco
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO miedoso
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO moral
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO morboso
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO pecador
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO pornografia
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO provocador
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO rareza
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO regulable
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO retro
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO rezagado
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO sabio
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO sosaina
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO terrorista
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO topico
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO tópico
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO toston
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO tostón
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO vagabundo
ciao+SD_noun_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO visionario
ciao+SD_verb_dict_spa.txt  OHOHOHO pervertir
abandonado	-3
abandonar	-3
abandono	-2
abaratar	3
abatir	-4
aberrante	-4
abismo	-4
abolir	-2
abolladura	-1
abollar	-4
abominacion	-5
abominación	-5
abonar	2
aborrecer	-5
abortar	-4
abrasador	-4
abrasivo	-4
abrazar	2
abrazo	2
abrir	-3
absorbente	3
abstener	-1
abstenerse	-1
absurdamente	-3
absurdez	-4
absurdo	-4
abundancia	2
abundante	2
abundar	4
aburridisimo	-4
aburridísimo	-4
aburrido	-3
aburrimiento	-3
aburrir	-3
abusar	-5
abusivo	-5
abuso	-5
abuson	-5
abusón	-5
academico	1
académico	1
acaparacion	-2
acariciar	4
acartonado	-3
acatar	-1
acaudalados	3
acceder	1
accesible	2
acceso	1
accesorio	1
accidentalmente	-1
accidente	-2
accion	1
acción	1
acechar	-3
acelerar	2
aceptable	1
aceptablemente	1
aceptacion	1
aceptación	1
aceptar	1
acertadamente	3
acertado	3
acertar	4
achacar	-1
achicharrante	1
achispado	-1
aciago	-2
acidez	-1
acido	-2
ácido	-2
acierto	3
aclaracion	1
aclaración	1
aclarar	2
acogedor	3
acoger	2
acogida	2
acogimiento	2
acojonante	5
acojonar	-5
acompanante	1
acompañante	1
acondicionado	1
acongojado	-5
aconsejable	2
aconsejar	1
acontecimiento	2
acople	-2
acordar	2
acorde	1
acortar	-2
acosar	-1
acostumbrado	2
acrecentar	2
acribillar	-4
activamente	2
activar	1
actividad	1
activo	3
actorazo	4
actualidad	1
actualizable	4
actualizacion	1
actualización	1
actualizar	1
acuciante	-1
acuerdo	2
acusacion	-2
acusación	-2
acusadamente	-1
acusado	-1
acusar	-3
adaptabilidad	1
adaptable	2
adaptacion	1
adaptación	1
adaptado	2
adaptar	1
adecuadamente	1
adecuado	1
adecuar	1
adelantado	2
adelantamiento	2
adelantar	1
adelanto	2
adiccion	-4
adicción	-4
adicional	1
adictivo	2
adicto	-2
adinerado	3
administrar	-1
admirable	4
admirablemente	5
admiracion	5
admiración	5
admirado	3
admirador	4
admirar	4
admitir	-1
adoptar	1
adorable	5
adorablemente	5
adoracion	5
adoración	5
adorar	5
adornar	2
adquirir	2
adquisicion	3
adquisición	3
aduenar	1
adueñar	1
adulacion	4
adulación	4
adversidad	-5
adverso	-3
advertir	-1
aerodinamico	2
aerodinámico	2
afable	3
afamado	3
afan	1
afán	1
afectado	-1
afectar	-2
afecto	3
afectuosamente	3
afectuoso	2
aficionado	2
afiebrado	-2
afilado	1
afirmacion	2
afirmación	2
afirmar	1
afirmativamente	3
afligir	-2
aflojamiento	-3
afluencia	2
afonico	-1
afónico	-1
afortunadamente	3
afortunado	3
afrodisiaco	4
afrodisíaco	4
agarrar	-2
agil	3
ágil	3
agilizar	2
agitado	-1
agobiado	-4
agobiante	-4
agobio	-4
agolpar	-2
agonico	-4
agónico	-4
agotado	-3
agotamiento	-1
agotar	-3
agradable	2
agradablemente	4
agradar	2
agradecer	2
agradecido	3
agradecimiento	2
agravamiento	-3
agravar	-4
agresivamente	-3
agresividad	-3
agresivo	-4
agridulce	-1
agrio	-2
agudo	4
ahogar	-2
ahorrar	2
ahorro	1
airadamente	-3
aireado	2
airoso	3
aislamiento	-2
aislar	-3
ajetreado	-2
ajustable	2
ajustado	2
ajustar	1
ajustarse	-1
alabar	4
alabear	-1
alarde	-1
alardear	-3
alargar	-1
alarido	-2
alarmante	-3
alarmar	-2
albedrio	3
albedrío	3
alboroto	-1
alborozarse	3
alcoholico	-2
alcohólico	-2
aleccionador	-1
alegar	-1
alegrar	5
alegrarse	3
alegre	4
alegremente	4
alegria	4
alegría	4
alejar	-1
alentador	3
alergico	-1
alérgico	-1
alertar	-1
aletargado	-1
algido	4
álgido	4
aliar	2
aliciente	3
alimentar	2
aliviado	3
aliviar	1
alivio	2
alojamiento	-1
altamente	1
altaneria	-1
altanería	-1
altanero	-2
altibajo	-1
altivez	-2
alto	1
altruista	4
alucinacion	-2
alucinación	-2
alucinante	5
amabilidad	2
amabilisimo	5
amable	3
amablemente	3
amado	4
amago	-1
amante	2
amar	5
amargado	-3
amargar	-4
amargo	-2
amargor	-2
amargura	-3
amasar	2
amateur	-3
ambiciosamente	1
ambicioso	3
ambiente	-2
ambiguo	-1
ambivalente	-1
amenaza	-4
amenazador	-3
amenazar	-4
ameno	3
americanada	-1
amigo	2
amigote	-2
amiguete	1
amiguetes	2
amiguitos	2
amistad	4
amor	5
amoral	-3
amorio	1
amorío	1
amoroso	4
ampliable	2
ampliacion	1
ampliación	1
ampliamente	4
ampliar	1
amplio	1
amplisimo	4
amplitud	1
amputar	-2
amueblado	1
anal	-4
anarquia	-3
anarquía	-3
ancho	1
anciano	-1
anecdotico	-1
anecdótico	-1
anemico	-3
anémico	-3
angel	3
ángel	3
angelical	4
angelito	2
angustia	-3
angustiarse	-4
anhelo	2
animacion	1
animación	1
animado	3
animar	2
animo	1
ánimo	1
animosamente	2
animosidad	-3
animoso	3
aniquilacion	-5
aniquilación	-5
aniquilar	-5
aniversario	2
anodino	-4
anomalia	-2
anomalía	-2
anonadar	-3
anonimo	-2
anónimo	-2
anorado	3
anorexia	-3
anormal	-3
anormalidad	-2
ansiado	4
ansiar	-2
ansiosamente	2
ansioso	-3
antiadherente	2
anticriminal	3
anticuado	-2
antidepresivo	-1
antidiluviano	-1
antiestetico	-3
antiestético	-3
antiguamente	-1
antiguo	-1
antipatia	-4
antipatía	-4
antipatico	-4
antipático	-4
antitaurino	-2
antiterrorista	-2
antro	-3
anulacion	-1
anulación	-1
anular	-3
añorado	3
apabullante	-5
apacible	1
apaciblemente	4
aparato	-3
aparatoso	-3
aparentar	-1
aparentemente	1
apariencia	1
apartar	-2
apasionadamente	3
apasionado	4
apasionante	5
apasionar	4
apatia	-2
apatía	-2
apedreables	-4
apenas	-1
apergaminado	-1
apestar	-3
apestoso	-3
apetecible	2
apetitoso	2
apinados	-2
apiñados	-2
aplacar	1
aplastar	-3
aplatanante	-4
aplaudible	2
aplaudir	2
aplazar	-1
apocalipsis	-5
apocaliptico	-5
apocalíptico	-5
apologeticamente	-1
apologéticamente	-1
aporrear	-3
aportacion	1
aportación	1
aporte	1
apoteosico	4
apoteósico	4
apoyo	2
apreciable	1
apreciacion	2
apreciación	2
apreciar	4
aprecio	2
aprehensivamente	-2
aprension	-1
aprensión	-1
aprensivo	-2
aprieto	-1
aprobacion	1
aprobación	1
apropiadamente	2
apropiado	2
aprovechable	2
aproximadamente	2
aproximado	2
aptitud	2
apto	1
apuesto	3
apuro	-1
aranado	-3
arañado	-3
arbitrariamente	-2
arbitrario	-2
archifamoso	3
arder	-4
ardientemente	4
arduo	-4
arenoso	2
argumentar	-1
arido	-2
árido	-2
arisco	-2
armonia	2
armonía	2
armoniosamente	1
armonioso	2
armonizar	2
arquetipico	2
arquetípico	2
arrasar	-5
arrastrar	-2
arrear	1
arrebatado	5
arrebatar	-4
arreglar	3
arrepentido	-2
arrepentimiento	1
arrepentir	-2
arriesgado	-2
arriesgar	-1
arrogancia	-3
arrogante	-3
arrogantemente	-3
arrojar	-1
arrollador	4
arrollar	-1
arropado	2
arrugado	-3
arrugar	-2
arruinar	-5
artificial	-1
artificialmente	-1
artificiosamente	3
artificioso	-2
artimana	-2
artimaña	-2
artista	1
artistico	1
artístico	1
asaltacasinos	-2
asaltar	-4
ascendente	2
ascender	1
asco	-3
asedio	-4
aseptico	2
aséptico	2
asequible	2
asesinar	-5
asesinato	-5
asesino	-5
asesorar	1
asfixiante	-4
asfixiar	-5
asimetrico	-1
asimétrico	-1
asistencia	1
asmatico	-1
asmático	-1
asno	-3
asociacion	1
asociación	1
asolar	-4
asombrado	-2
asombrar	-1
asombro	-1
asombrosamente	1
asombroso	5
aspaviento	-2
asperamente	-3
ásperamente	-3
aspereza	-2
aspero	-1
áspero	-1
aspiracion	1
aspiración	1
asquerosamente	-4
asquerosidad	-4
asqueroso	-4
astral	4
astro	3
astutamente	1
astuto	4
asustado	-3
asustar	-3
atacado	-2
atacar	-4
ataque	-1
atascado	-2
atemorizado	-3
atentado	-4
atentamente	1
atentar	-4
atento	3
aterrador	-3
aterradoramente	-3
aterrar	-4
aterrorizar	-4
atipicamente	-2
atípicamente	-2
atipico	-2
atípico	-2
atonito	-5
atónito	-5
atormentado	-4
atormentar	-3
atornillar	-2
atracador	-2
atraccion	4
atracción	4
atraco	-2
atractivamente	4
atractivo	3
atraer	4
atragantar	-3
atrapar	-2
atraso	-2
atravesar	-1
atrever	2
atrevido	3
atrocidad	-5
atrofiar	-1
atrofiarse	-3
atroz	-5
atrozmente	-5
aturdimiento	-3
audacia	3
audaz	3
audazmente	3
auge	3
aumentar	2
ausencia	-1
ausente	-1
austero	3
autenticamente	3
auténticamente	3
autenticidad	2
autentico	3
auténtico	3
autobiografico	2
autobiográfico	2
autocomplaciente	-2
autodesignado	-1
autodestruccion	-3
autodestrucción	-3
autodestructivo	-2
autoestima	2
autoinfligido	-2
automaticamente	2
automáticamente	2
automatico	1
automático	1
autonomo	2
autónomo	2
autoritario	-2
autorizado	2
autosuficiencia	2
auxiliar	1
avance	2
avanzado	3
avanzar	2
avaricia	-2
avaricioso	-3
avaro	-2
avasallador	-1
aventajar	3
aventura	2
aventurado	3
aventurero	3
avergonzado	-2
avergonzar	-2
averia	-2
avería	-2
averiar	-2
aversion	-2
aversión	-2
avidamente	2
ávidamente	2
avidez	1
avido	3
ávido	3
ayuda	1
ayudante	1
ayudar	1
azotar	-1
baboso	-4
bailable	2
bajito	-2
bajo	-1
bajon	-2
bajón	-2
balbucear	-2
balbucir	-1
baliza	1
banal	-4
banalidad	-3
bandido	-3
bandolero	-1
banquete	2
baratillo	2
baratito	2
barato	1
barbaridad	-4
barbarie	-5
barbaro	-1
bárbaro	-1
barrera	2
barrigudo	-1
barrizal	-3
basado	1
basicamente	3
básicamente	3
basico	1
básico	1
bastante	2
bastar	1
basura	-2
batallar	-1
batiburrillo	-2
bazofia	-3
bellaco	-3
bellamente	4
belleza	4
bello	4
bendito	3
beneficio	3
beneficioso	3
benefico	3
benéfico	3
benevolo	4
benévolo	4
benignamente	4
berrido	-1
besar	4
bestia	-4
bestialidad	-5
bestseller	4
best_seller	4
bien	3
bienestar	4
bienintencionado	2
bienvenido	3
birria	-3
blandengue	-3
blandir	-1
blando	1
blandura	2
blanquisimo	4
blanquísimo	4
blasfemo	-4
bloqueado	-1
bloquear	-2
bloqueo	-2
bochornoso	-4
bodrio	-4
bofetada	-4
boga	3
bombardear	-3
bombazo	2
bombo	-2
bondad	4
bondadoso	2
bonita	4
bonito	3
bonus	2
borbotar	-3
borracho	-2
borrar	-1
borroso	-2
bostezar	-1
bostezo	-1
bravo	2
brecha	-1
breve	1
brevemente	1
brillante	5
brillantemente	5
brillantez	4
brillar	1
brillo	3
brio	4
brío	4
broma	2
bromear	1
bronca	-3
broncamente	-2
bruja	-2
bruscamente	-3
brusco	-3
brutal	-5
brutalidad	-3
brutalmente	-1
bruto	-4
buen	2
buenamente	3
buenazo	2
buenisimo	4
buenísimo	4
bueno	2
bullicioso	-1
burdo	-3
burgues	-2
burgués	-2
burla	-3
burlar	-3
burlas	-3
burlescamente	1
burocracia	-1
burrada	-3
burro	-2
caballero	1
caballerosidad	2
caballeroso	2
cabreado	-5
cabrear	-5
cabreo	-3
caida	-3
caída	-3
caido	-1
caído	-1
calambre	-1
calamidad	-2
calamitoso	-3
calidad	2
calido	1
cálido	1
caliente	2
calloso	-2
calma	1
calmar	2
calor	2
calurosamente	1
calvario	-3
camarilla	-2
cambiable	1
cambiante	-1
cambiazo	-2
caminar	-2
campechano	2
campeon	3
campeón	3
canalla	-2
cancer	-3
cáncer	-3
cancerigeno	-3
cancerígeno	-3
canero	4
cani	3
canibal	-4
caníbal	-4
canon	5
cansado	-1
cansino	-1
cañero	4
cañí	3
cañón	5
caos	-4
caotico	-3
caótico	-3
capa	-3
capacidad	2
capaz	2
caprichosamente	1
caprichoso	-2
capturar	-1
capullo	-4
caracter	3
carácter	3
caracteristico	1
característico	1
carecer	-2
carente	-3
carga	-3
cargado	-2
caricatura	-2
caricaturesco	-2
caricaturizar	-1
caridad	2
carillo	-1
carino	1
carinosamente	3
carinoso	3
cariño	1
cariñosamente	3
cariñoso	3
carisimo	-4
carísimo	-4
carisma	3
carismatico	4
carismático	4
caritativamente	1
caritativo	1
carnal	2
carniceria	-3
carnicería	-3
caro	1
casero	1
casquivano	-3
castigado	-1
castigar	-3
casualmente	3
cataclismo	-5
catartico	2
catártico	2
catastrofe	-5
catástrofe	-5
catastrofico	-5
catastrófico	-5
catatonico	-2
catatónico	-2
catear	-3
caustico	-3
cáustico	-3
cautelosamente	-1
cauteloso	-1
cautivado	3
cautivador	4
cautivar	4
cautivo	1
cauto	-1
cavernoso	1
cegado	-2
cegador	-3
cegar	-2
celebrar	4
celebre	3
célebre	3
celeste	1
celestial	5
celoso	-2
cenit	4
central	1
centrico	2
céntrico	2
ceremonial	1
cernerse	-3
cerril	-4
certero	3
chalado	-2
chamuscar	-1
chanchullo	-3
chantaje	-3
chaparro	-1
chapuceramente	-2
chapucero	-2
charlatan	-3
charlatán	-3
chepudo	-2
chic	3
chillar	-3
chillido	-3
chillon	-2
chillón	-2
chirriar	-2
chispeante	2
chisporroteante	1
chivo	-2
chocante	-4
chocar	-4
chorrada	-2
chorradita	-1
chorrear	-2
chulesco	-2
chulito	-3
chulo	-2
chupado	2
chupar	-3
cicatriz	-2
ciegamente	-3
ciego	-3
cielo	3
cientificamente	1
científicamente	1
cientifico	1
científico	1
ciertamente	1
cierto	1
cima	4
cinicamente	-3
cínicamente	-3
cinico	-3
cínico	-3
cinismo	-3
civil	1
civilizado	1
claramente	3
claridad	1
clarisimo	4
clarísimo	4
claro	1
clasicamente	1
clásicamente	1
clasico	4
clásico	4
claustrofobico	-3
claustrofóbico	-3
climatizado	1
clinico	-1
clínico	-1
coaccion	-2
coacción	-2
coaccionar	-2
cobarde	-3
cobrable	1
cobrar	2
cochino	-4
codiciar	-2
coherente	2
cohesion	2
cohesión	2
cojo	-3
cojonudo	5
colaboracion	2
colaboración	2
colaborar	2
colega	1
colera	-2
cólera	-2
colision	-1
colisión	-1
colisionar	-1
colocado	-2
colorista	2
colosal	1
coloso	-2
combate	-1
combatir	-1
comedia	1
comedido	3
comercial	-1
comercialmente	-1
comico	3
cómico	3
comienzo	-2
comodamente	3
cómodamente	3
comodidad	2
comodisimo	4
comodísimo	4
comodo	3
cómodo	3
compacto	1
compadecerse	2
companerismo	2
companero	1
compania	1
compañerismo	2
compañero	1
compañía	1
comparable	1
comparablemente	1
compartir	1
compasion	2
compasión	2
compasivo	3
compatibilidad	1
compatible	2
compenetracion	2
compenetración	2
compensacion	1
compensación	1
compensador	1
compensar	1
competencia	2
competente	4
competentemente	2
competitivo	3
complacer	2
complejidad	-1
complejo	-3
complementario	1
completamente	3
completisimo	4
completísimo	4
completito	2
completo	2
complexamente	-1
complicacion	-2
complicación	-2
complicado	-3
complicar	-2
comportar	2
comprender	1
comprensible	2
comprensiblemente	2
comprension	2
comprensión	2
comprensivamente	2
comprensivo	4
comprometer	-3
compromiso	2
compulsivo	-4
comun	-1
común	-1
comunicar	1
comunidad	1
comunmente	3
comúnmente	3
conazo	-5
conceder	2
conciencia	2
concienciado	4
conciso	3
concretamente	2
concreto	2
condena	1
condenado	-1
condenar	-3
conectado	1
conectar	1
confesado	-1
confeso	-2
confiable	2
confiado	-2
confianza	3
confiar	3
conficto	-4
confidencialidad	-1
confinar	-2
conflictivo	-3
conflicto	-2
conformar	2
conformidad	-1
conformista	-2
confortable	2
confortar	1
confrontacion	-1
confrontación	-1
confrontar	-3
confundido	-3
confusamente	-2
confusion	-3
confusión	-3
confuso	-4
congestion	-2
congestión	-2
congestionado	-2
congratulacion	2
congratulación	2
congreso	-1
conmemoracion	2
conmemoración	2
conmemorar	2
conmovedor	4
conmover	3
connivencia	-2
conocido	3
conquista	2
conquistar	4
consagrados	4
consciente	2
conscientemente	2
consecuencia	-2
consecuentemente	3
conseguir	1
consentido	-3
consentimiento	1
conservador	-1
considerable	1
considerablemente	2
consideracion	2
consideración	2
consideradamente	2
considerado	3
consistencia	2
consistente	2
consolar	3
consolidar	2
conspiracion	-3
conspiración	-3
conspirar	-2
constante	2
constantemente	1
consternacion	-3
consternación	-3
consuelo	1
consultar	1
consumado	4
contagiar	-2
contagioso	-2
contaminacion	-2
contaminación	-2
contaminado	-4
contaminar	-3
contemplar	1
contemporaneo	1
contemporáneo	1
contenido	1
contentisimo	4
contentísimo	4
contento	3
continuamente	1
continuidad	2
continuo	-1
contradecir	-2
contradiccion	-2
contradicción	-2
contradictorio	-1
contraproducente	-2
contrario	-2
contratar	2
contratiempo	-1
contravenir	-2
contribucion	2
contribución	2
controlable	1
controvertido	-2
contundente	2
convencer	1
convencido	2
convencional	-1
conveniente	3
convenientemente	4
convincente	4
convincentemente	2
coñazo	-5
cooperacion	2
cooperación	2
cooperar	2
coordinacion	2
coordinación	2
coqueto	3
corazon	1
corazón	1
cordial	2
cordura	1
cornucopia	3
corpulento	-1
correccion	1
corrección	1
correctamente	4
correctisimo	4
correctísimo	4
correcto	3
corregir	-1
correoso	-2
corriente	-2
corroer	-3
corromper	-4
corrosion	-3
corrosión	-3
corrupcion	-3
corrupción	-3
corrupto	-3
cortar	-1
cortes	3
cortés	3
cortesia	2
cortesía	2
cortesmente	3
cortésmente	3
cortito	-1
corto	-1
costo	-1
cotidiano	-1
craso	-4
crear	2
creativamente	3
creatividad	3
creativo	2
crecidito	2
credibilidad	2
credito	1
crédito	1
credulidad	-1
creible	2
creíble	2
creido	-3
creído	-3
crepitar	-2
crimen	-2
criminal	-5
criptico	-1
críptico	-1
cristalino	4
critica	-3
crítica	-3
criticar	-4
critico	-2
crítico	-2
croar	-1
cronico	-3
crónico	-3
crucial	4
crucificar	-5
crudeza	-3
crudo	-1
cruel	-4
crueldad	-4
cruelmente	-4
cruento	-3
cruzada	1
cualificado	3
cuasirealista	-3
cuerdo	4
cuestionable	-1
cuestionar	-1
cuidado	4
cuidadosamente	2
cuidadoso	2
culminacion	4
culminación	4
culminante	2
culpa	-2
culpable	-2
culpar	-3
cultivar	2
culto	2
cultura	1
cultural	4
cumplido	2
cumplimiento	3
cumplir	2
curar	2
curiosamente	3
curioso	2
currados	4
cursi	-2
cutre	-4
danar	-2
dantesco	-5
dañar	-2
dar	-3
debatir	-1
debatirse	-2
deber	-1
debil	-2
débil	-2
debilitador	-3
debilitar	-2
debilmente	-2
débilmente	-2
decadencia	-2
decadente	5
decaido	-3
decaído	-3
decapitar	-3
decencia	2
decente	2
decentemente	1
decentillo	1
decepcion	-2
decepción	-2
decepcionado	-3
decepcionante	-3
decepcionar	-3
decididamente	4
decidido	4
decimononico	-1
decimonónico	-1
decision	1
decisión	1
decisivamente	2
decisivo	4
decorado	1
decorativo	2
decrepito	-3
decrépito	-3
decrepitud	-3
dedicado	2
dedicar	3
dedicatoria	3
defecto	-2
defectuoso	-4
defensivo	-1
deficiencia	-2
deficiente	-4
deficientemente	-4
deficit	-1
déficit	-1
definitivamente	4
definitivo	4
deformacion	-2
deformación	-2
deformar	-2
defraudado	-4
degenerado	-4
degenerar	-4
degenerativo	-2
dejado	-2
deleitar	5
deleitoso	3
delgado	1
delicadeza	-1
delicado	-2
delicia	4
deliciosamente	4
delicioso	4
delictivo	-4
delincuencia	-4
delirio	-2
delito	-4
demagogia	-4
demandar	-2
demasiado	-3
demente	-3
demoledor	-5
demoler	-3
demonio	-3
denegacion	-1
denegación	-1
densamente	-3
denso	-3
denunciar	-2
dependiente	-1
deplorable	-5
deplorar	-3
deportivamente	1
deportivo	1
depravacion	-3
depravación	-3
depravado	-5
depreciarse	-1
depresion	-3
depresión	-3
depresivo	-2
deprimente	-4
deprimido	-3
deprimir	-3
derivado	-2
derogar	-2
derramamiento	-2
derramar	-1
derrochar	-1
derroche	-3
derrota	-4
derrotar	-3
derruido	-3
derrumbar	-2
desabrochado	-2
desacertadamente	-4
desacostumbrado	-1
desacreditar	-2
desacuerdo	-2
desafiante	-3
desafiar	-1
desafinar	-1
desafio	-1
desafío	-1
desafortunadamente	-4
desafortunado	-2
desagradable	-3
desagradablemente	-3
desagradar	-2
desagrado	-3
desahuciar	-2
desairar	-2
desaire	-2
desajustado	-1
desalentador	-4
desalentar	-1
desalinado	-4
desaliñado	-4
desamor	-3
desamparado	-3
desangrar	-4
desaparecer	-1
desaparicion	-3
desaparición	-3
desapasionadamente	-2
desapasionado	-2
desapercibido	-2
desaprobacion	-2
desaprobación	-2
desaprovechado	-4
desaprovechar	-1
desarraigar	-1
desarrollado	2
desarrollar	1
desasosiego	-3
desastrado	-4
desastre	-4
desastrosamente	-4
desastroso	-4
desatado	1
desatencion	-2
desatención	-2
desatender	-1
desbancar	-1
desbordado	-2
desbordamiento	-3
desbordar	-1
desbordarse	-1
descabellado	-5
descansar	2
descanso	3
descaradamente	-2
descarado	-4
descaro	-2
descartar	-1
descolocado	-2
descolorido	-2
descomposicion	-3
descomposición	-3
descompuesto	-4
descomunal	-5
desconcertado	-4
desconcertante	-3
desconcertar	-3
desconchado	-2
desconchados	-1
desconchon	-2
desconchón	-2
desconcierto	-2
desconexo	-2
desconfiado	-1
desconfianza	-3
desconfiar	-3
desconocer	-2
desconocido	-1
desconsideradamente	-2
desconsiderado	-1
desconsoladamente	-2
descontento	-1
descontroladamente	-1
descorazonar	-2
descortes	-4
descortés	-4
descreido	-3
descreído	-3
descuadre	-1
descuidado	-2
descuidar	-1
descuido	-1
desden	-4
desdén	-4
desdenable	-2
desdeñable	-2
desdibujar	-1
desdicha	-4
deseable	2
deseado	3
desechable	-1
desechado	-2
desempleo	-1
desencajado	-4
desencanto	-2
desencuentro	-2
desenfadado	2
desenfrenado	-3
desenganado	-2
desengano	-2
desengañado	-2
desengaño	-2
desentonar	-1
desequilibrado	-1
desercion	-3
deserción	-3
desesperacion	-5
desesperación	-5
desesperadamente	-2
desesperado	-4
desesperante	-4
desesperanza	-5
desesperanzadamente	-3
desesperanzado	-2
desesperanzar	-4
desesperar	-4
desestabilizar	-3
desestructurado	-1
desfallecido	-2
desfasado	-2
desfavorable	-3
desfavorablemente	-2
desgana	-2
desganar	-2
desgarrado	-4
desgarrador	-4
desgarrar	-4
desgastar	-2
desgaste	-2
desgracia	-4
desgraciadamente	-5
desgraciado	-3
desguazar	-5
deshacer	-1
deshechado	-2
deshilvanado	-2
deshonra	-2
desidia	-1
desigual	-2
desigualdad	-1
desilusion	-3
desilusión	-3
desilusionado	-2
desilusionar	-2
desintegracion	-1
desintegración	-1
desinteresado	-1
deslumbrado	-3
deslumbrante	5
deslustrado	-1
desmayarse	2
desmedido	-4
desmerecer	-2
desmoralizar	-3
desmoronamiento	-4
desmoronar	-3
desnivelado	-2
desnudamente	-2
desnudo	-1
desobediencia	-1
desobediente	-1
desolacion	-4
desolación	-4
desolado	-4
desolador	-2
desorbitado	-4
desorden	-2
desordenado	-2
desorganizado	-3
despacio	-1
despatarrado	-2
despectivo	-2
despedazar	-4
despedir	-1
despejado	3
desperdiciar	-3
desperdicio	-1
despersonalizacion	-1
despersonalización	-1
despertar	-1
despiadado	-4
despido	-2
despilfarrar	-3
desplomarse	-2
desplome	-2
despojado	-2
despotismo	-4
despreciable	-4
despreciado	-3
despreciar	-4
desprecio	-2
despreocupacion	1
despreocupación	1
despreocupado	2
desproposito	-4
despropósito	-4
desquicia	-4
desquitarse	-1
destacable	4
destacado	4
destacamento	-1
destacar	2
destartalado	-2
destellar	2
destello	1
desterrar	-2
destinado	-1
destino	-1
destreza	2
destripado	-3
destripar	-5
destrozada	-4
destrozar	-5
destruccion	-4
destrucción	-4
destructivo	-4
destruir	-5
desvanecido	-1
desvariar	-3
desvelado	-1
desvencijado	-3
desventaja	-2
desventura	-3
desventurado	-2
desvergonzado	-3
desverguenza	-4
desvergüenza	-4
desviacion	-1
desviación	-1
desviado	-2
desviar	-1
desviarse	-1
desvio	-1
desvío	-1
detalladamente	3
detallado	3
detallista	3
deteriorado	-2
deteriorar	-2
deteriorarse	-3
deterioro	-2
determinacion	4
determinación	4
determinado	-2
detestable	-5
detestar	-5
devastador	-4
devastar	-5
devocion	3
devoción	3
devolver	-3
devorar	-1
diablo	-1
diabolicamente	-4
diabólicamente	-4
diabolico	-4
diabólico	-4
diatriba	-3
dicha	5
dichoso	4
dictar	-1
diestramente	3
diestro	3
difamar	-2
dificil	-2
difícil	-2
dificilisimo	-4
dificilísimo	-4
dificilmente	-3
difícilmente	-3
dificultad	-2
dificultar	-2
difuso	-2
digerible	1
digital	1
digitalmente	1
dignidad	2
dignificar	1
digno	2
dilaciones	-1
dilatado	3
dilema	-1
diligencia	1
diligente	2
diligentemente	2
diminuto	-1
dimision	-1
dimisión	-1
dinamico	2
dinámico	2
diosa	2
directamente	3
directo	-1
discapacitado	-1
discordante	-2
discordia	-1
discotequero	1
discrepancia	-1
discrepar	-2
discretamente	3
discreto	2
discriminacion	-3
discriminación	-3
discriminar	-2
disculpar	-1
discusion	-1
discusión	-1
discutible	-1
discutido	-2
discutir	-3
disfrazado	-1
disfrutar	3
disfrute	3
disfuncion	-2
disfunción	-2
disfuncional	-3
disgustado	-3
disgustar	-2
disgusto	-4
disminuir	-1
disolucion	-1
disolución	-1
disolver	-1
dispar	-2
disparar	-3
disparatadamente	-2
disparatado	-4
disparate	-4
disperso	-1
displicencia	-2
disponer	-1
disponible	1
dispuesto	2
distante	-1
distincion	2
distinción	2
distinguido	4
distintivo	3
distinto	1
distorsion	-2
distorsión	-2
distorsionado	-1
distraccion	-1
distracción	-1
distraer	-1
distraido	-1
distraído	-1
diversion	3
diversión	3
diverso	2
divertidamente	3
divertidisimo	4
divertidísimo	4
divertido	3
divertir	3
divinamente	5
divinidad	3
divino	4
divisorio	-3
dogma	-2
doler	-3
dolor	-2
dolorido	-2
dolorosamente	-4
doloroso	-4
dominado	-2
dominar	-2
dominio	4
don	2
donar	3
donativo	1
dotado	1
dotar	1
dramaticamente	-1
dramáticamente	-1
dramatico	2
dramático	2
drogados	-2
dudar	-1
dudoso	-1
dulce	3
dulzura	3
durabilidad	2
durable	3
duradero	4
duramente	-3
durar	1
dureza	1
durisimo	-4
durísimo	-4
duro	-1
eclectico	1
ecléctico	1
eclipsar	-2
economicamente	1
económicamente	1
economico	3
económico	3
economizar	1
ecuanime	2
ecúanime	1
ecuánime	2
educadamente	2
educado	2
educar	3
educativo	3
efectivamente	2
efectividad	3
efectivo	3
eficacia	3
eficaz	3
eficazmente	1
eficiencia	3
eficiente	2
efimero	-2
efímero	-2
egocentrico	-4
egocéntrico	-4
egoismo	-2
egoísmo	-2
egoista	-3
egoísta	-3
egregio	-4
ejecutar	1
ejemplar	2
elaboracion	1
elaboración	1
elaborado	-2
elaborar	1
elastico	1
elástico	1
electrico	1
eléctrico	1
electrizar	3
electronicamente	2
electrónicamente	2
electronico	2
electrónico	2
elegancia	2
elegante	2
elegantemente	4
elemental	1
elevadisimo	-4
elevadísimo	-4
elevado	-3
eliminacion	-2
eliminación	-2
eliminar	-2
elogiar	3
elogioso	2
eludir	-2
emancipar	2
embadurnar	-2
embarazoso	-4
embargo	-2
embarrado	-2
embaucar	-2
embelesado	4
emblematico	4
emblemático	4
embrutecer	-3
embutir	-3
emergencia	-1
eminencia	3
eminentemente	5
emocion	3
emoción	3
emocionado	3
emocional	-1
emocionalmente	-1
emocionante	3
emocionar	3
emotivamente	-1
emotivo	4
empalagoso	-2
empapado	-2
empatia	2
empatía	2
empenado	-2
empeñado	-2
empeorar	-3
empinado	-1
empobrecido	-1
empotrado	2
empujar	-1
enajenacion	-2
enajenación	-2
enajenar	-2
enamorado	2
enamoramiento	4
enano	-2
encantado	2
encantador	3
encanto	3
encaprichado	-4
encarcelamiento	-1
encarcelar	-2
encarecer	-2
encarecidamente	-3
encarecimiento	2
encasillar	-1
enclenque	-3
encogerse	-2
encomiable	3
encomiar	3
encorsetado	-3
endeble	-2
endosar	2
endoso	2
endulzar	2
enemigo	-1
energetico	2
energético	2
energia	1
energía	1
energicamente	3
enérgicamente	3
energico	3
enérgico	3
enfadado	-2
enfadar	-2
enfado	-2
enfermedad	-1
enfermizo	-1
enfermo	-2
enfrentado	-1
enfrentamiento	-2
enfrentar	-2
enfrentarse	-2
enfurecer	-2
enganado	-2
enganar	-3
enganchado	-3
engano	-3
engañado	-2
engañar	-3
engaño	-3
engendro	-2
engorro	-2
engorroso	-4
engranarse	2
engreido	-4
engreído	-4
engreimiento	-2
enigmatico	1
enigmático	1
enjaulado	-4
enlatado	-3
enlatados	-4
enloquecer	-5
enloquecidamente	-1
enmascarar	-1
enorme	2
enormemente	3
enredar	-1
enredo	-1
enrevesado	-2
enrevesar	-2
enriquecer	3
enriquecimiento	2
ensangrentado	-4
ensuciar	-1
ensueno	4
ensueño	4
entender	2
entendible	1
entendido	3
entorpecer	-3
entorpecido	-2
entorpecimiento	-2
entranable	3
entrañable	3
entrecortadamente	1
entregado	2
entrepierna	-1
entretener	3
entretenidillo	1
entretenidisimo	4
entretenidísimo	4
entretenido	2
entretenimiento	2
entrometerse	-1
entrometido	-1
entumecido	-2
entusiasmado	3
entusiasmar	4
entusiasmo	3
entusiasta	2
envidia	-1
envidiable	4
envidiado	2
envidiar	-3
envidioso	-3
epico	2
épico	2
epidemia	-2
epiteto	-2
epíteto	-2
equilibrado	2
equipado	2
equitativamente	1
equivocadamente	-1
equivocado	-2
equivocar	-2
ergonomicamente	3
ergonómicamente	3
ergonomico	3
ergonómico	3
erizarse	-2
erosion	-2
erosión	-2
erosionar	-2
eroticamente	2
eróticamente	2
erotico	3
erótico	3
erradicar	-3
erroneamente	-4
erróneamente	-4
erroneo	-3
erróneo	-3
error	-2
erudito	2
esbelto	1
escabechina	-3
escabroso	-4
escaldar	-1
escamado	-2
escandalo	-3
escándalo	-3
escandalosamente	-1
escandaloso	-1
escaquear	-1
escaramuza	-1
escasamente	-2
escasez	-1
escasisimamente	-3
escasísimamente	-3
escasisimo	-3
escasísimo	-3
escaso	-2
escatologico	-4
escatológico	-4
escenico	2
escénico	2
esceptico	-2
escéptico	-2
esclarecer	2
esclavitud	-3
esclavizar	-3
escollo	-2
esconderse	-2
escrupulo	2
escrúpulo	2
escrutar	-1
escrutinio	-1
escuchable	1
escueto	1
escupir	-3
escurridizo	-2
esencial	2
esencialmente	2
esforzar	2
esfuerzo	-2
esmerado	3
esmerar	2
esmero	3
esoterico	-2
esotérico	-2
espabilado	1
espacioso	1
espantosamente	-1
espantoso	-5
especiado	2
especial	3
especializado	2
especialmente	3
especificamente	2
específicamente	2
especifico	2
específico	2
espectacular	4
espectacularmente	4
espectaculo	-2
espectáculo	-2
espeluznante	-4
esperado	1
esperanza	1
esperanzador	1
esperar	1
esperpentico	-3
esperpéntico	-3
espeso	-1
espiar	-2
espinoso	-2
espiritual	1
espiritualidad	1
espiritualmente	1
esplendidamente	5
espléndidamente	5
esplendido	4
espléndido	4
esplendor	3
esponjoso	2
espontaneamente	1
espontáneamente	1
espontaneidad	1
espontaneo	1
espontáneo	1
esporadico	-1
esporádico	-1
espumoso	2
esquizofrenico	-3
esquizofrénico	-3
estabilidad	1
estabilizar	1
estable	3
establecer	1
establecido	3
estafa	-2
estafador	-2
estancado	-3
estancarse	-2
estandar	1
estándar	1
estatico	-1
estático	-1
estatura	2
estelar	4
estereotipado	-1
estereotipico	-2
estereotípico	-2
estereotipo	-2
esteticamente	4
estéticamente	4
estetico	2
estético	2
estigma	-3
estilisticamente	2
estilísticamente	2
estilistico	2
estilístico	2
estilizado	3
estilo	1
estimar	2
estimulacion	1
estimulación	1
estimulante	3
estimular	1
estirado	-3
estirar	-2
estorbar	-2
estorbo	-2
estrafalario	1
estrangular	-3
estrategicamente	2
estratégicamente	2
estrategico	2
estratégico	2
estrechamente	1
estrecho	-1
estrellar	-2
estrepito	-1
estrépito	-1
estrepitosamente	-3
estresante	-4
estrictamente	-1
estricto	-2
estridente	-3
estropeado	-3
estropear	-3
estructurado	2
estruendoso	3
estrujar	-2
estudiado	-3
estupefacto	-4
estupendamente	5
estupendo	4
estupidamente	-5
estúpidamente	-5
estupidez	-3
estupido	-4
estúpido	-4
etereo	2
etéreo	2
eternamente	2
eterno	-2
etica	1
ética	1
etico	2
ético	2
etilico	-2
etílico	-2
etiqueta	1
euforia	4
euforico	4
eufórico	4
europeo	1
evasion	-1
evasión	-1
evasivo	-2
evidente	-1
evidentemente	1
evocador	2
evocar	2
evolucionado	2
exactamente	2
exacto	2
exageracion	-2
exageración	-2
exagerado	-3
exagerar	-2
exaltado	-2
exaltar	4
exasperacion	-3
exasperación	-3
exasperante	-3
exasperar	-4
excelencia	4
excelente	4
excelentemente	3
excelentisimo	5
excelentísimo	5
excentricidad	-1
excentrico	-1
excéntrico	-1
excepcional	5
excepcionalmente	2
excesivamente	-3
excesivo	-3
exceso	-2
excitante	3
excluir	-2
exclusion	-1
exclusión	-1
exclusivamente	2
exclusivo	3
execrable	-5
exento	1
exigente	-2
exigir	-2
exito	3
éxito	3
exorbitante	-4
exotico	3
exótico	3
expandible	2
expansivo	3
experimentado	3
experimental	2
experimentar	1
experto	2
explicar	2
explicativo	1
explicito	2
explícito	2
explosivo	-3
explotacion	-3
explotación	-3
explotador	-4
explotar	-3
expres	1
exprés	1
expresivo	3
express	1
expulsar	-2
expulsion	-3
expulsión	-3
exquisitamente	4
exquisito	4
extasis	4
éxtasis	4
extatico	5
extático	5
extendido	2
extensible	1
extensisimo	3
extensísimo	3
extenso	1
exterminados	-2
exterminar	-3
exterminio	-3
extinguir	-1
extraible	1
extraíble	1
extranamente	-4
extranjero	-1
extrano	-1
extrañamente	-4
extraño	-1
extraordinariamente	5
extraordinario	5
extravagante	-1
extraviado	-1
extremadamente	2
extremo	-2
exuberante	3
exultante	4
fabricacion	-3
fabricación	-3
fabulosamente	4
fabuloso	4
facil	2
fácil	2
facilidad	3
facilisimo	4
facilísimo	4
facilitar	2
facilmente	4
fácilmente	4
facilon	-4
facilón	-4
factible	1
faena	-2
falacia	-1
fallar	-4
fallecer	-4
fallido	-4
falsedad	-1
falsificacion	-4
falsificación	-4
falsificar	-2
falso	-3
falta	-2
falto	-3
familiar	1
familiaridad	1
familiarizado	2
familiarmente	1
famoso	2
fanatico	2
fanático	2
fanfarroneria	-1
fanfarronería	-1
fantasia	1
fantasía	1
fantasioso	-2
fantasticamente	5
fantásticamente	5
fantastico	4
fantástico	4
fardar	2
farol	-1
farsa	-2
fascinacion	3
fascinación	3
fascinante	5
fascinar	4
fascista	-5
fashion	3
fastidiar	-2
fastidio	-1
fastidiosamente	-3
fastidioso	-2
fatal	-4
fatalidad	-2
fatalmente	-5
fatiga	-1
favorable	2
favorablemente	3
favorito	3
fe	2
feisimo	-4
feísimo	-4
felicidad	5
felicitar	2
feliz	3
felizmente	4
femenino	2
fenomenal	4
fenomenalmente	4
feo	-3
ferocidad	-1
feroz	-2
ferozmente	-2
ferreo	-1
férreo	-1
ferviente	-1
fervientemente	-1
fervor	2
festivo	3
feudal	-1
fiabilidad	3
fiable	2
fiasco	-4
ficticio	-1
fidelidad	3
fiel	2
fielmente	4
fieramente	-2
fiero	-2
fijacion	-2
fijación	-2
filonazis	-4
final	1
finalmente	1
finamente	4
fingimiento	-2
fingir	-2
fino	1
firme	-1
firmemente	-1
firmeza	1
fisicamente	2
físicamente	2
flamante	4
flaqueza	-2
flexible	3
flipada	5
flipar	4
flojo	-2
fluidez	2
fobia	-4
formal	-1
formalidad	-1
formalmente	1
formidable	5
formulario	-3
fornido	-1
forrado	3
fortachon	1
fortachón	1
fortaleza	3
fortificado	2
fortificar	1
fortisimo	4
fortísimo	4
fortuito	1
fortuna	4
forzado	-2
forzar	-2
forzosamente	2
fracasado	-1
fracasar	-4
fragil	-1
frágil	-1
fragmentario	-1
francamente	1
franco	1
franquismo	-2
franquista	-3
fraternidad	1
fraudulento	-3
frecuente	1
frecuentemente	1
frenesi	-1
frenesí	-1
frescamente	-1
fresco	1
frescura	3
fresquito	1
frialdad	-1
friamente	-1
fríamente	-1
frio	-1
frío	-1
frivolo	-2
frívolo	-2
frondoso	3
fructifero	2
fructífero	2
frustracion	-4
frustración	-4
frustrado	-4
frustrante	-2
frustrar	-3
fuerte	3
fuertemente	-2
fuerza	3
fuga	-1
fugaz	-2
funcional	2
funcionar	2
fundamental	3
fundamentalmente	3
funebre	-4
fúnebre	-4
funestamente	-5
furia	-1
furiosamente	-4
furioso	-4
furtivamente	-3
futurista	2
gacetillero	-3
galanteria	2
galantería	2
galardon	2
galardón	2
gallito	-2
gamberro	-2
ganar	2
garantia	2
garantía	2
garantizado	3
garantizar	2
gastar	-1
gasto	-2
gastoso	-2
gema	2
gemido	-2
gemir	-1
generalizacion	-1
generalización	-1
generar	1
genericamente	-2
genéricamente	-2
generico	-2
genérico	-2
generosamente	3
generosidad	2
generoso	3
genial	4
genialmente	4
genio	4
gentecilla	-1
gentuzos	-2
genuino	3
germen	-1
gigante	2
gigantesco	1
gilipollas	-5
gilipollez	-4
gimotear	-1
glacial	-3
glamour	2
glamuroso	4
global	1
globalmente	1
gloria	3
glorificar	-1
gloriosamente	5
glorioso	5
gloton	-2
glotón	-2
goce	3
golfo	-1
goloso	3
golpe	2
golpear	-2
gordinflon	-1
gordinflón	-1
gordo	-1
gotico	-2
gótico	-2
gozada	5
gozo	4
gozoso	3
gracia	3
gracil	1
grácil	1
graciosamente	3
gracioso	3
graduable	1
gradual	1
gradualmente	1
graficamente	-3
gráficamente	-3
grafico	-3
gráfico	-3
gran	3
grande	2
grandeza	4
grandioso	4
grandisimo	4
grandísimo	4
granuja	-1
granuloso	-1
grasiento	-2
gratamente	3
gratificante	3
gratis	3
gratitud	2
grato	2
gratuitamente	3
gratuito	2
grave	-3
gravemente	-2
gris	-1
gritar	-1
griterio	-2
griterío	-2
grito	-2
groseramente	-2
grosero	-3
grotescamente	-5
grotesco	-4
grueso	-1
grunir	-1
gruñir	-1
guapisimo	4
guapísimo	4
guapo	3
guardian	1
guardián	1
guarnecer	1
guay	4
guerra	-2
gueto	-2
guiar	1
gustazo	5
gusto	3
gustosamente	3
habil	3
hábil	3
habilmente	3
hábilmente	3
habitual	1
habitualmente	2
halagar	1
halago	4
hambre	-1
hambriento	-2
hambruna	-2
hartar	-3
harto	-4
hastiar	-4
hastio	-4
hastío	-4
hazana	4
hazaña	4
heavy	-3
hechizar	2
hechizo	1
helador	-4
heredar	2
herejia	-2
herejía	-2
herida	-2
herir	-3
hermosamente	3
hermoso	3
hermosura	4
heroe	3
héroe	3
heroicamente	3
heroico	3
heroina	2
heroína	2
heroismo	3
heroísmo	3
heterogeneo	2
heterogéneo	2
higienico	2
higiénico	2
hijodeputa	-5
hijo_de_puta	-5
hijoputa	-5
hijo_puta	5
hinchado	-3
hiperactivo	-1
hiperbolizar	-2
hiperdeformado	-3
hiperpreocupado	-3
hipersensible	-1
hipnotico	1
hipnótico	1
hipocresia	-4
hipocresía	-4
hipocrita	-3
hipócrita	-3
histeria	-2
histericamente	-3
histéricamente	-3
histerico	-4
histérico	-4
holgado	2
homenaje	1
homenajear	2
homicida	-4
hondo	2
honor	4
honorable	2
honorablemente	2
honra	3
honradez	3
honrado	3
honrar	2
honroso	3
horrendo	-5
horrible	-4
horriblemente	-4
horripilante	-5
horror	-4
horrorizado	-4
horrorizar	-4
horroroso	-4
hortera	-3
hoscamente	-2
hosco	-2
hospitalario	3
hostigar	-4
hostil	-4
hostilidad	-2
hueco	-2
huerfano	-1
huérfano	-1
hueva	-3
huir	-2
humanidad	3
humanistico	1
humanístico	1
humanizar	2
humano	2
humedo	-2
húmedo	-2
humildad	1
humilde	3
humildemente	2
humillado	-2
humillar	-3
humor	2
hundido	-4
hundir	-3
hundirse	1
hurano	-1
huraño	-1
ideal	2
idealismo	3
idealista	-1
idealizado	2
idealizar	-1
idealmente	4
idear	2
identificacion	2
identificación	2
idilico	3
idílico	3
idiota	-3
idolatrar	5
idoneo	3
idóneo	3
ignominioso	-4
ignorancia	-3
ignorante	-3
ignorar	-2
igual	1
igualdad	2
igualmente	1
ilegal	-2
ilegalidad	-1
ilegalmente	-4
ilegitimo	-3
ilegítimo	-3
ilimitado	2
ilogico	-1
ilógico	-1
iluminador	2
iluminar	2
ilusionado	3
ilusionar	3
ilustrado	4
ilustrativo	2
imagen	-1
imaginable	3
imaginacion	2
imaginación	2
imaginado	1
imaginar	1
imaginario	1
imaginativamente	3
imaginativo	3
imbecil	-5
imbécil	-5
immaculado	4
imnovacion	3
imnovación	3
impaciencia	-2
impaciente	-3
impacientemente	-2
impactante	4
impactar	1
impacto	-2
imparcial	3
imparcialidad	2
impasibilidad	-2
impasivo	-2
impecable	4
impedimento	-2
impedir	-2
impenetrable	1
impensable	-4
imperante	2
imperceptible	-2
imperdonable	-5
imperdonablemente	-5
imperfecto	-3
impetu	1
ímpetu	1
impetuoso	-2
implacable	-4
implicar	-1
implorar	-1
imponer	-1
importancia	2
importante	3
imposibilidad	-4
imposibilitar	-2
imposible	-2
impostor	-3
impotencia	-2
impotente	-3
imprecision	-1
imprecisión	-1
impreciso	-1
imprescindible	4
impresentable	-4
impresion	1
impresión	1
impresionado	3
impresionante	4
impresionantemente	4
impresionar	3
imprevisible	-2
improbable	-1
improductivo	-2
impropiamente	-2
impropio	-2
improvisado	-2
imprudencia	-3
imprudente	-3
imprudentemente	-3
impulsar	1
impulsivamente	-2
impulsivo	-3
impulso	-2
impunidad	-2
impureza	-2
imsomnio	-2
in	3
inacabado	-1
inaccesible	-1
inaceptable	-4
inaceptablemente	-4
inactivo	-1
inadaptado	-2
inadecuado	-2
inadmisible	-4
inadmisiblemente	-4
inagotable	2
inaguantable	-4
inalambrico	1
inalámbrico	1
inalcanzable	-2
inanicion	-3
inanición	-3
inaplazable	3
inasible	-2
inaudible	-2
incalculable	3
incansable	2
incapacidad	-3
incapaz	-4
incendiario	-3
incertidumbre	-1
incesante	-3
incesantemente	-4
incesto	-5
incierto	-1
incognita	-2
incógnita	-2
incomodamente	-3
incómodamente	-3
incomodidad	-1
incomodisimo	-4
incomodísimo	-4
incomodo	-1
incómodo	-3
incomparable	4
incompatibilidad	-2
incompatible	-2
incompetencia	-3
incompetente	-4
incompetentemente	-3
incompletitud	-2
incompleto	-1
incomprendido	-1
incomprensible	-3
incondicional	2
inconexo	-3
inconfundible	3
incongruamente	-1
incongruencia	-2
inconsciente	-3
inconscientemente	-1
inconstante	-1
incontable	-2
incontrolable	-2
incontrolablemente	-2
incontrolado	-1
inconveniente	-1
incordiante	-3
incorreccion	-1
incorrección	-1
incorrectamente	-2
incorrecto	-2
incredulidad	-1
incredulo	-1
incrédulo	-1
increible	-4
increíble	-4
increiblemente	-4
increíblemente	-4
incrementar	2
incriminatorio	-3
inculto	-2
incurable	-4
indecente	-3
indeciso	-2
indefinible	-2
indefinidamente	1
independencia	1
independiente	1
independientemente	1
indescifrable	-2
indescriptible	-2
indeseable	-2
indeseado	-2
indiferencia	-1
indiferente	-1
indigena	1
indígena	1
indigesto	-2
indignacion	-4
indignación	-4
indignado	-3
indignar	-4
indigno	-3
indiscutible	3
indiscutiblemente	3
indispensable	3
indistinto	-1
indomable	3
indomito	3
indómito	3
inducir	-1
indulgente	-2
ineficacia	-1
ineficaz	-2
ineficiente	-2
inepto	-2
inequivoco	3
inequívoco	3
inerte	-1
inescrutable	-1
inesperadamente	-1
inesperado	-1
inestabilidad	-1
inestable	-1
inestimable	4
inevitable	-2
inevitablemente	-1
inexactitud	-2
inexacto	-2
inexcusable	-4
inexcusablemente	-4
inexistente	-1
inexorablemente	-2
inexperiencia	-2
inexperto	-3
inexplicable	-3
inexplicablemente	-2
inexplicado	-1
inexpresable	-3
inexpresivo	-2
infalibilidad	-1
infalible	4
infame	-2
infamemente	-2
infantil	-2
infantiloide	-3
infeccion	-3
infección	-3
infeccioso	-3
infectado	-1
infectar	-2
infelicidad	-2
infeliz	-3
inferior	-2
inferioridad	-2
infestacion	-3
infestación	-3
infestar	-2
infidelidad	-3
infierno	-5
infiltracion	-1
infiltración	-1
infinitamente	1
infinito	1
inflacion	-1
inflación	-1
infligir	-2
influyente	2
informal	1
informar	1
informativo	1
infortunado	-1
infortunio	-3
infraccion	-1
infracción	-1
infravalorado	-3
infringir	-3
infumable	-4
ingenio	3
ingeniosamente	4
ingenioso	2
ingente	-4
ingenuamente	-2
ingenuo	-2
ingrato	-4
inhabil	-1
inhábil	-1
inhibicion	-1
inhibición	-1
inhibido	-3
inhumano	-2
iniciativa	2
inicuamente	-5
inigualable	4
ininterrumpido	2
injustamente	-2
injusticia	-4
injustificado	-3
injusto	-3
inmaculadamente	5
inmaculado	5
inmaduro	-2
inmediatamente	2
inmediato	2
inmejorable	4
inmejorablemente	5
inmensamente	1
inmenso	3
inminente	-2
inmoral	-3
inmoralidad	-3
inmortal	2
inmovil	-1
inmóvil	-1
inmovilidad	-2
inmune	3
inmutabilidad	1
innecesariamente	-1
innecesario	-1
innegable	4
innegablemente	4
innovacion	3
innovación	3
innovador	3
innovar	3
innumerable	2
inocencia	2
inocente	2
inocentemente	2
inocuo	1
inofensivo	1
inolvidable	4
inoperante	-2
inoportuno	-1
inoxidable	1
inquietante	-2
inquietantemente	-2
inquietar	-1
inquieto	-1
inquietud	-1
inquisicion	-4
inquisición	-4
inquisidor	-3
inri	-4
insalvable	-3
insano	-3
insatisfaccion	-2
insatisfacción	-2
insatisfecho	-2
inseguridad	-2
inseguro	-1
insensatez	-4
insensato	-3
insensible	-2
inseparablemente	-1
inservible	-3
insignificante	-1
insinuar	-1
insipido	-2
insípido	-2
insolencia	-2
insolente	-4
insolentemente	-4
insolitamente	1
insólitamente	1
insolito	-3
insólito	-3
insondable	-3
insoportable	-4
insoportablemente	-4
insospechadamente	2
insospechado	-1
inspiracion	2
inspiración	2
inspirador	3
inspirar	3
instantaneamente	-1
instantáneamente	-1
instantaneo	-1
instantáneo	-1
insuficiente	-1
insufrible	-4
insulso	-3
insultante	-4
insultar	-4
insulto	-2
insuperable	4
insustituible	4
intacto	2
intangible	1
integrado	2
integral	1
integramente	4
íntegramente	4
intelecto	1
intelectual	2
intelectualmente	3
inteligencia	3
inteligente	3
inteligentemente	3
inteligentisimo	4
inteligentísimo	4
intencionado	-1
intensamente	4
intensidad	2
intensivamente	2
intensivo	1
intenso	-1
interactivo	1
intercambiable	1
interes	1
interés	1
interesadamente	-3
interesado	3
interesante	4
interesantisimo	5
interesantísimo	5
interesar	3
interferir	-1
interminable	-3
interminablemente	-3
interpretativo	1
interrumpir	-1
interrupcion	-1
interrupción	-1
intimamente	1
íntimamente	1
intimidad	1
intimista	1
intimo	3
íntimo	3
intocable	-3
intolerancia	-3
intransigente	-3
intrepidamente	3
intrépidamente	3
intriga	2
intrigante	2
intrigar	2
intrincadamente	-1
intrincado	1
introducir	1
intromision	-1
intromisión	-1
introspectivo	1
intuitivamente	1
intuitivo	2
inundar	-2
inusual	-1
inusualmente	-1
inutil	-3
inútil	-3
inutilidad	-2
inutilizable	-4
invadir	-3
invalidar	-2
invariablemente	1
invencible	1
inventar	-2
inventivo	3
inverosimil	-3
inverosímil	-3
investigacion	2
investigación	2
invisible	-1
involucionar	-2
involuntariamente	-1
ira	-2
ironia	-1
ironía	-1
ironicamente	-1
irónicamente	-1
ironico	-1
irónico	-1
irracionalidad	-4
irradiar	2
irreal	-2
irrealista	-3
irreconocible	-3
irreflexivamente	-2
irregular	-2
irregularidad	-2
irrelevante	-3
irremediable	-3
irremediablemente	-2
irremisiblemente	-3
irreparable	-3
irrepetible	4
irresistible	4
irresistiblemente	4
irresponsabilidad	-2
irresponsable	-4
irreverente	-4
irrisorio	-3
irritacion	-1
irritación	-1
irritante	-2
irritantemente	-3
irritar	-2
irrumpir	-2
jactancia	-2
jactancioso	-4
jactarse	-2
jadeante	2
jazzistico	1
jazzístico	1
jerga	-1
jilipollas	-5
joder	-5
jodido	-5
jorobado	-4
joven	1
jovencillos	1
jovencisimo	2
jovencísimo	2
jovencito	1
jovenzuelos	-1
jovial	1
jovialmente	1
jubilo	3
júbilo	3
jubiloso	4
juerguista	-1
jugarse	-1
jugueton	2
juguetón	2
juguetonamente	2
juicioso	2
justamente	3
justicia	2
justiciero	3
justificacion	-1
justificación	-1
justificar	1
justito	-1
justo	3
juvenil	2
juzgar	-2
laberinto	-2
laboriosamente	-3
laborioso	-3
lacrimogeno	-2
lacrimógeno	-2
ladino	-2
ladron	-2
ladrón	-2
la_mejor	4
lamentable	-2
lamentablemente	-5
lamentar	-1
lamento	-1
languido	-2
lánguido	-2
lanzado	2
lapso	-1
largo	1
larguirucho	-1
larva	-3
lasitud	-1
las_mejores	4
lastima	-1
lástima	-1
lastimosamente	-4
lastimoso	-2
latente	1
leal	3
legal	3
legalmente	3
legendario	3
legible	1
legiblemente	1
legitimamente	1
legítimamente	1
legitimo	1
legítimo	1
lenoso	-2
lentamente	-2
lentisimo	-3
lentísimo	-3
lentitud	-2
lento	-2
leñoso	-2
lerdo	-2
letal	-4
letalmente	-5
leve	-2
levemente	1
liado	-1
liante	-3
liar	-2
liberado	1
liberal	2
liberar	2
libertad	2
libre	3
libremente	3
licencioso	-3
lider	3
líder	3
liderazgo	4
ligeramente	2
ligerito	2
ligero	1
limitacion	-1
limitación	-1
limitado	-1
limpiamente	2
limpiar	1
limpieza	1
limpio	2
limpito	2
linchado	-4
lio	-1
lío	-1
lioso	-2
liquidacion	-1
liquidación	-1
liquidar	-1
lirico	1
lírico	1
liso	3
listo	1
liviano	2
llamativo	3
llanamente	-2
llano	-2
llanto	-4
lleno	3
llevadero	1
llorar	-3
llorera	-4
lloriquear	-1
lloro	-4
lloron	-2
llorón	-2
lluvia	-1
lluvioso	-1
lobotomizados	-4
lobrego	-3
lóbrego	-3
loco	-2
locura	-1
lodo	-3
logica	3
lógica	3
logicamente	3
lógicamente	3
logico	1
lógico	1
logrado	3
lograr	2
lo_mejor	4
loquito	-2
los_mejores	4
lucha	-2
luchar	1
lucido	2
lúcido	1
lugubre	-3
lúgubre	-3
lujazo	4
lujosamente	3
lujoso	3
lujuriosamente	-2
lujurioso	3
luminosidad	3
luminoso	3
lustre	1
macabro	-4
machacao	-3
machacon	-3
machacón	-3
machista	-2
madurado	3
madurar	2
madurez	3
maduro	3
maestria	4
maestría	4
mafioso	-3
magia	1
magicamente	4
mágicamente	4
magico	4
mágico	4
magistral	5
magistralmente	5
magnetico	2
magnético	2
magnetismo	3
magnificamente	5
magníficamente	5
magnificencia	4
magnifico	5
magnífico	5
magullar	-1
majareta	-2
majestuosidad	3
majestuoso	4
majo	2
mal	-2
malcriado	-3
maldad	-2
maldecir	-3
maldicion	-4
maldición	-4
maldito	-4
maleducado	-3
malestar	-1
malevolo	-4
malévolo	-4
malgastar	-2
malhablado	-3
malhechor	-4
malhumorado	-1
malicia	-3
maliciosamente	-1
malicioso	-3
maligno	-4
malintencionado	-3
malisimo	-4
malo	-3
malograr	-2
maloliente	-4
maltrato	-4
malvadamente	-3
malvado	-4
mamon	-3
mamón	-3
mancha	-1
manchado	-1
manchar	-5
manejable	1
manido	-3
manipulacion	-3
manipulación	-3
manipulador	-3
manipular	-1
manosamente	2
manso	-1
mantra	-1
manualmente	1
mañosamente	2
maquiavelicamente	-3
maquiavélicamente	-3
maravilla	3
maravillado	3
maravillarse	3
maravillosamente	5
maravilloso	3
marcadamente	-1
marcado	-1
marchitar	-3
marchitarse	-2
marchoso	2
mareante	-3
marear	-2
marginal	-1
marginalmente	-1
masacre	-5
masificado	-2
masivo	-2
masoquismo	-2
masoquista	-3
matar	-4
materialista	-1
maternal	2
materno	2
matiz	1
maton	-1
matón	-1
maximo	1
máximo	1
mear	-2
mecer	4
medianamente	-2
mediano	-1
mediar	1
mediatico	-1
mediático	-1
mediatizado	-3
medido	2
medio	1
mediocre	-3
mediocridad	-3
meditacion	1
meditación	1
medrar	3
mejilla	-2
mejor	2
mejora	2
mejorable	-2
mejorado	3
mejorar	3
mejorcito	4
melancolia	-3
melancolía	-3
melancolico	-1
melancólico	-1
melodico	2
melódico	2
melodrama	-3
melodramatico	-3
melodramático	-3
memez	-4
memorable	3
mendigo	-2
mendrugo	-1
menguar	-1
menor	-1
menospreciar	-2
mentir	-2
mentira	-3
mentiras	-2
mentiroso	-2
menudo	-1
meramente	-1
merecedor	2
merecer	2
merecidamente	4
merecido	3
merito	3
mérito	3
mermado	-2
mermar	-2
mero	-3
metedura	-2
meticulosamente	1
meticuloso	1
metodico	2
metódico	2
mezclado	-1
miedo	-2
miedoso	-2
mierda	-5
milagro	4
milagrosamente	4
milagroso	4
milimetricamente	3
milimétricamente	3
millonario	4
mimado	-3
mimar	-1
mimo	3
minar	-2
minimamente	-1
mínimamente	-1
minimo	-2
mínimo	-2
minuciosamente	2
minucioso	2
miramiento	2
miserable	-3
miserablemente	-3
misericordiosamente	3
misericordioso	3
misero	-4
mísero	-4
misterio	-1
misteriosamente	1
misterioso	-1
misticamente	2
místicamente	2
mistico	2
místico	2
mitico	4
mítico	4
mitigar	1
mitologico	2
mitológico	2
mixto	-2
mocoso	-4
modelico	4
modélico	4
moderacion	1
moderación	1
moderadamente	1
moderado	2
moderar	1
modernidad	2
modernito	2
modernizar	2
moderno	2
modestamente	1
modestia	1
modesto	3
modico	2
módico	2
modificable	1
mohoso	-3
mojon	3
mojón	3
molestamente	-3
molestar	-2
molestia	-1
molesto	-3
molestoso	-3
momentaneamente	2
momentáneamente	2
monolitico	-1
monolítico	-1
monotonia	-3
monotonía	-3
monotono	-3
monótono	-3
monstruo	-4
monstruosamente	-3
monstruosidad	-5
monstruoso	-4
monumental	2
moral	1
moraleja	1
moralidad	2
moralina	-1
moralista	-1
moralmente	2
morbosidad	-3
morboso	-4
mordaz	-4
mordaza	1
morder	-3
moreno	1
morir	-4
mortal	-1
mortalmente	-3
mortifero	-4
mortífero	-4
mortificar	-4
mosqueado	-1
motivacion	1
motivación	1
motivar	1
movidito	2
movido	2
movil	1
móvil	1
mucho	3
mudo	-3
mueca	-2
muerte	-1
muerto	-2
mugre	-3
mugriento	-3
multifuncional	1
multimillonario	3
multiple	1
múltiple	1
multitud	1
multitudinario	2
multiuso	1
mundialmente	2
murmurar	-1
musarana	-1
musaraña	-1
muscular	3
musical	3
musicalmente	3
mutante	-2
mutilar	-3
muy	1
nasal	-1
natal	1
nato	3
natural	2
naturalmente	4
naufragar	-2
naufrago	-2
náufrago	-2
nauseabundo	-4
nauseas	-2
náuseas	-2
nazi	-4
neblina	-1
necedad	-2
necesariamente	2
necesario	2
necesidad	-1
necio	-3
nefasto	-4
negacion	-2
negación	-2
negar	-3
negativa	-1
negativamente	-1
negativo	-3
negligencia	-2
negligente	-2
negociacion	2
negociación	2
nervio	-3
nerviosamente	-1
nerviosismo	-3
nervioso	-2
neurotico	-3
neurótico	-3
neutralizar	-1
nidada	-1
nihilista	-1
nitido	3
nítido	3
noble	3
nobleza	3
nono	-3
normal	2
normalidad	2
normalillo	1
normalito	1
normalmente	1
nostalgico	2
nostálgico	2
notable	3
notablemente	4
notoriamente	4
notoriedad	2
notorio	4
novato	-1
novedad	1
novedoso	3
novela	2
novio	2
nublado	-1
nuevamente	1
nuevecito	3
nuevo	1
nulo	-3
nutrir	2
ñoño	-3
obedecer	1
obediencia	1
objecion	-1
objeción	-1
objetar	-1
objetivamente	4
objetivo	1
obligar	-2
obligatoriamente	1
obligatorio	-2
obra	5
obscenamente	-4
obsceno	-4
obsequiar	3
observador	1
obsesion	-4
obsesión	-4
obsesionado	-2
obsesionar	-2
obsesivo	-1
obsoleto	-3
obstaculo	-3
obstáculo	-3
obstar	-1
obstinadamente	-2
obstinado	-2
obstruccion	-2
obstrucción	-2
obstruir	-2
obviamente	2
obvio	3
ocio	2
ociosamente	-1
ociosidad	-1
ocioso	-1
ocultamente	-1
ocultar	-1
oculto	-1
ocupado	-1
ocupar	-3
odiado	-4
odiar	-5
odio	-4
odioso	-4
ofender	-4
ofendido	-2
ofensivo	-2
oficial	1
oficialmente	2
ofrecer	1
ofuscamiento	-3
ojete	-3
olvidable	-2
olvidado	-2
omision	-1
omisión	-1
omitir	-3
onirico	5
onírico	5
opcionalmente	1
operativo	1
oponer	-1
oportunamente	1
oportunidad	2
oportuno	1
oposicion	-2
oposición	-2
opresion	-2
opresión	-2
opresivamente	-3
opresivo	-3
oprimir	-3
optativo	1
optimismo	4
optimista	3
optimizar	1
optimo	4
óptimo	4
opulencia	-1
opulento	3
ordenado	2
ordinariez	-3
organico	2
orgánico	2
organizado	1
organizar	1
orgasmico	5
orgásmico	5
orgullo	2
orgullosamente	2
orgulloso	1
original	1
originalidad	3
originalmente	4
ornamentado	2
oscuridad	-1
oscuro	-1
ostentar	-1
ostentosamente	-1
ostentoso	-4
ovacion	3
ovación	3
oxidado	-2
paciencia	2
paciente	3
pacientemente	4
pacificamente	4
pacíficamente	4
pacifico	2
pacífico	2
pacto	2
padecer	-2
padecimiento	-2
pajolero	-4
palabreria	-1
palabrería	-1
palidecer	-2
palido	-1
pálido	-1
panico	-2
pánico	-2
panoramico	5
panorámico	5
parada	-1
paradojicamente	-3
paradójicamente	-3
paraiso	5
paraíso	5
paralelamente	1
paralizacion	-3
paralización	-3
paralizar	-2
paranoia	-4
paranoico	-3
parasito	-3
parásito	-3
parcialmente	-2
paria	-1
parlotear	-1
parodia	-2
parodiar	-2
parrafada	-2
parsimonia	2
particular	-1
particularidad	-1
particularmente	-1
pasable	1
pasado	-1
pasion	4
pasión	4
pasional	4
pasivamente	-2
pasivo	-2
pasmosamente	-2
pasmoso	-3
pasteloso	-3
pastoril	2
patatero	-4
patera	-3
paternal	2
pateticamente	-5
patéticamente	-5
patetico	-5
patético	-5
patologico	-4
patológico	-4
patriarcal	-2
patriota	1
patrocinar	-2
pausado	2
pavonearse	-1
paz	1
pecado	-3
pecador	-3
pecar	-3
peculiar	-2
peculiaridad	-2
pedante	-3
pederasta	-4
pedregoso	-1
pedrusco	-2
pega	-1
pegadizo	3
pegajoso	-1
pegar	-4
pejiguero	-4
pelado	-2
pelea	-3
peleado	-1
pelear	-3
peliculilla	-1
peligrar	-3
peligro	-1
peligrosamente	-3
peligroso	-3
pelma	-3
pelotudo	-4
pelusa	-2
penazo	5
pendiente	-1
penetrante	4
penosamente	-4
penoso	-2
pensativo	2
peñazo	5
peor	-2
pequenez	-2
pequenin	-1
pequenito	-1
pequeno	-1
pequeñez	-2
pequeñín	-1
pequeñito	-1
pequeño	-1
percance	-2
perceptible	1
perdedor	-1
perder	-2
perdida	-3
pérdida	-3
perdidamente	2
perdido	-1
perdon	-1
perdón	-1
perdonable	1
perdonar	2
perdurar	4
perecer	-1
perenne	-1
pereza	-2
perezosamente	-2
perezoso	-2
perfeccion	5
perfección	5
perfeccionar	4
perfeccionismo	1
perfeccionista	2
perfectamente	5
perfecto	4
perfilado	2
perfumado	2
pericia	4
periodicamente	1
periódicamente	1
peripecia	-2
periplo	-1
perjudicar	-3
perjudicial	-4
permisible	1
perplejidad	-2
perplejo	-2
persecucion	-3
persecución	-3
perseguido	-1
perseguir	-1
perseverancia	2
perseverar	1
persistente	-2
personalizable	1
personalizacion	2
personalización	2
personalmente	1
perspicacia	3
persuasivamente	1
persuasivo	1
pertinente	1
pertrechado	-1
perturbado	-5
perversiones	-4
perverso	-3
pervertir	-3
pesadamente	-1
pesadez	-4
pesadilla	-5
pesado	-3
pesadumbre	-4
pesar	-2
pesimismo	-1
pesimo	-4
pésimo	-4
piadoso	2
picado	-1
picar	-1
pictorico	2
pictórico	2
pijo	-2
pillado	-1
pillo	-1
pinchar	-1
pintoresco	4
pionero	2
pirateo	-3
pirateria	-3
piratería	-3
pirotecnico	3
pirotécnico	3
pisotear	-4
placer	5
plaga	-2
plagado	-2
plagiar	-3
platonicamente	4
platónicamente	4
platonico	2
platónico	2
plausibilidad	1
plausible	1
plausiblemente	1
plenamente	4
plenitud	4
pleno	3
plus	2
pobre	-2
pobrecito	-3
pobreza	-4
poco	-1
poder	3
poderosamente	4
poderoso	3
podrido	-2
poetico	3
poético	3
polemica	-2
polémica	-2
polemico	-4
polémico	-4
polifacetico	3
polifacético	3
polifonico	1
polifónico	1
politicamente	-1
políticamente	-1
politico	-1
político	-1
polvoriento	-1
pompa	3
popular	1
popularidad	4
poquisimo	-2
poquísimo	-2
poquito	-2
pornografia	-3
pornografía	-3
pornografico	-4
pornográfico	-4
porqueria	-5
porquería	-5
portabilidad	2
portatil	1
portátil	1
poseido	-3
poseído	-3
posesivo	-3
posibilidad	2
posible	1
posiblemente	2
positivamente	3
positivo	3
posteridad	1
postrarse	-1
potencia	2
potente	3
potentisimo	4
potentísimo	4
practicamente	1
prácticamente	1
practico	1
práctico	1
precario	-2
precaucion	1
precaución	1
precedente	1
preciado	3
preciosamente	5
preciosidad	4
precioso	3
precipicio	-3
precipitadamente	-2
precipitado	-2
precisamente	4
precision	4
precisión	4
preciso	2
preconcebido	-2
precoz	3
precozmente	3
precuela	-1
predador	-1
predecible	-4
predeterminado	-1
predicibilidad	-1
predictivo	-2
predominio	2
preferible	1
preferiblemente	1
preferido	2
prehistorico	-2
prehistórico	-2
preinstalado	1
prejuicio	-3
premiado	2
premiar	3
premio	1
prendado	2
preocupacion	-3
preocupación	-3
preocupado	-1
preocupante	-3
preocupar	-2
preocuparse	2
preparado	1
preparar	-1
prepotente	-4
prescindible	-3
preservacion	2
preservación	2
presion	-3
presión	-3
presionar	-2
prestigio	3
prestigioso	3
presto	2
presumiblemente	1
presumir	3
presuntamente	-1
presunto	-1
pretencioso	-4
pretendidamente	1
pretension	-2
pretensión	-2
prevalecer	1
prevencion	3
prevención	3
previsible	-4
previsiblemente	-1
prevision	2
previsión	2
primitivo	-1
primordial	3
primorosamente	5
principal	2
principalmente	1
principiante	-1
prioridad	2
pristino	4
prístino	4
privilegio	3
probablemente	1
probar	2
problema	-2
problemas	-2
problematico	-2
problemático	-2
problemilla	-1
procesar	-2
proceso	-2
proclive	2
prodigalidad	-2
prodigio	4
prodigioso	4
productividad	1
proezas	3
profesional	4
profesionalidad	3
profesionalmente	4
profundamente	3
profundidad	3
profundo	2
programable	2
progre	2
progresar	2
progresivamente	2
progresividad	3
progresivo	3
progreso	4
prohibicion	-1
prohibición	-1
prohibido	-1
prohibir	-1
prohibitivo	-4
prolifico	3
prolífico	3
prolijo	-2
prolongado	-1
promesa	2
prometedor	3
prominencia	2
prominente	1
prominentemente	1
promiscuo	-3
promocion	3
promoción	3
pronto	2
propaganda	-3
propiamente	3
proponer	1
proporcionadamente	1
propulsar	2
propulsion	2
propulsión	2
prosaico	-2
prosperar	2
prosperidad	2
prostitucion	-3
prostitución	-3
prostituido	-4
prostituta	-3
protagonista	1
proteccion	2
protección	2
protector	3
proteger	1
protegido	2
protesta	-2
protestar	-2
prototipicamente	2
prototípicamente	2
provechosamente	1
provechoso	3
providencial	4
provinciano	-1
provocacion	-2
provocación	-2
provocado	-3
provocador	-4
provocar	-2
proximidad	1
prudencia	2
pseudo	-2
psicodelico	-1
psicodélico	-1
psicopata	-3
psicópata	-3
psicopatico	-2
psicopático	-2
psicotico	-4
psicótico	-4
pudor	1
pudrir	-3
pudrirse	-2
pueril	-3
puneta	-4
punetero	-5
puntilloso	-3
punto	-2
puntual	1
puñeta	-4
puñetero	-5
puramente	1
pureza	2
purificacion	1
purificación	1
purificar	2
puritano	-2
puro	1
puta	-4
putrefaccion	-2
putrefacción	-2
quebrantamiento	-1
queja	-3
quejar	-2
quejarse	-1
quejica	-3
quemado	-1
quemar	-2
querer	2
querido	2
quisquillosismo	-3
quisquilloso	-2
quitar	-1
rabieta	-3
rabiosamente	-5
rabioso	-4
racional	1
racionalizar	-1
racionamiento	-2
racismo	-4
racista	-4
radiante	3
radiantemente	5
radical	-3
radicalmente	2
raido	-2
raído	-2
rancio	-3
rapidamente	4
rápidamente	4
rapidez	2
rapido	2
rápido	2
raramente	-2
rareza	-1
rarisimo	-1
rarísimo	-1
rarito	-3
raro	-1
rasgado	-1
rasgar	-1
rasgo	2
rasguno	-1
rasguño	-1
rastrero	-4
rayano	-2
rayar	-1
razon	2
razón	2
razonable	2
razonablemente	1
reacio	-3
reactivar	1
reagrupar	2
real	1
realista	2
realizacion	3
realización	3
realmente	3
realzar	2
reanimacion	1
reanimación	1
reanimar	3
rebajado	3
rebajar	-3
rebelde	-1
rebelion	-3
rebelión	-3
rebuscado	-3
rebuscar	-1
recaer	-2
recalentado	-2
recargable	4
recargado	-3
recargar	-2
recelo	-2
receptivo	1
recesion	-2
recesión	-2
rechazado	-1
rechazar	-2
rechazo	-4
rechoncho	-2
recien	3
recién	3
recio	2
reclamacion	-4
reclamación	-4
reclamar	1
reclinarse	1
recolectar	2
recomendable	3
recomendacion	3
recomendación	3
recomendado	3
recomendar	2
recompensa	4
recompensar	2
reconciliacion	3
reconciliación	3
reconciliar	2
reconocible	1
reconocido	1
reconocimiento	2
recordado	1
recreacion	2
recreación	2
recriminar	-3
rectificar	1
rectitud	2
recuerdo	1
recuperable	1
recuperacion	2
recuperación	2
recuperado	1
reduccion	-1
reducción	-1
reducido	-1
reducir	-1
redundante	-3
reestructuracion	-2
reestructuración	-2
referente	3
refinado	2
refinamiento	2
refinar	2
reflectante	2
reflexion	1
reflexión	1
reformado	2
reforzado	3
refractario	2
refrescante	4
refrescantemente	5
refuerzo	2
refugio	1
refutar	-1
regalo	3
reganadientes	-3
regañadientes	-3
regio	4
regocijo	5
regordete	-2
regresion	-3
regresión	-3
regulable	2
regular	-2
regularmente	2
regurgitar	-3
rehabilitar	2
rehuir	-2
reirse	2
reírse	2
reivindicativo	1
relajadamente	4
relajado	-2
relajante	3
relajar	3
relativamente	1
relevancia	2
relevante	3
religiosamente	-1
religioso	-1
reluciente	2
relucientemente	4
rematado	1
remedio	1
remodelado	1
remordimiento	-3
remotamente	-1
remoto	-2
removible	4
renacimiento	3
renacuajo	-3
rencilla	-2
rencor	-3
renir	-2
renombrado	3
renombre	3
renovacion	2
renovación	2
renovado	3
renovar	1
renuncia	-2
renunciar	-1
reñir	-2
reparable	1
reparacion	-1
reparación	-1
reparar	2
repentinamente	-1
repercusion	3
repercusión	3
repeticion	-1
repetición	-1
repetido	-2
repetitivo	-4
repleto	-1
reposar	1
reprender	-1
reprension	-2
reprensión	-2
representativo	2
represion	-4
represión	-4
represivo	-4
reprimir	-1
reprobacion	-3
reprobación	-3
reprochable	-3
reproche	-3
repugnante	-5
repugnar	-2
repulsivo	-5
reputacion	4
reputación	4
reputado	3
resabidillo	-2
resbaladizo	-1
rescatable	2
rescatar	1
reseco	-2
resenable	2
resentimiento	-2
reseñable	2
reserva	-1
reservado	-1
resignados	-2
resistencia	-2
resistente	3
resolucion	2
resolución	2
resolver	1
resonante	2
resonar	3
respaldo	2
respetable	3
respetado	3
respetar	2
respeto	3
respetuosamente	1
respetuoso	4
respiro	1
resplandecer	1
resplandor	4
responsabilidad	2
responsable	2
restauracion	2
restauración	2
restaurar	3
restituir	1
restriccion	-2
restricción	-2
restringir	-2
resueltamente	2
resuelto	2
resulton	4
resultón	4
resumido	3
resurgir	1
reticencia	-3
reticentemente	-3
retirarse	-1
retocado	2
retoque	1
retorcerse	-1
retorcido	-3
retozar	1
retrasado	-1
retrasar	-2
retraso	-2
retro	-2
retroceder	-1
reunion	2
reunión	2
reunir	2
revelacion	2
revelación	2
revelador	-1
revenido	-2
reventar	-3
reverencia	3
reverenciar	5
revolucion	1
revolución	1
revolucionario	2
revolver	-2
revuelto	-2
rezagado	-1
rico	3
ridiculamente	-2
ridículamente	-2
ridiculizar	-4
ridiculo	-3
ridículo	-3
riesgo	-1
rigido	-2
rígido	-2
rina	-1
rinas	-2
riña	-1
riñas	-2
riqueza	3
riquisimo	5
riquísimo	5
risa	2
risueno	3
risueño	3
rival	-1
robar	-4
robo	-3
robustez	4
robusto	2
rocambolesco	-3
rollazo	-5
rollo	-4
romantico	3
romántico	3
romo	-1
rompedor	4
romper	-2
roncar	-2
ronco	-1
ronoso	-3
ronquido	-2
ronronear	1
roñoso	-3
roto	-2
rotundamente	3
rotundo	4
rozar	-2
rudamente	3
rudo	-3
rufian	-2
rufián	-2
ruidito	-1
ruiditos	-1
ruido	-2
ruidosamente	-2
ruidoso	-2
ruina	-4
ruinoso	-3
rumor	-2
ruptura	-3
rustico	1
rústico	1
rutina	-1
rutinario	-1
sabiamente	3
sabiduria	4
sabiduría	4
sabio	2
saborear	3
sabotaje	-4
sabotear	-4
sabroso	3
saciado	2
saciedad	-1
sacrificar	-4
sacrificio	2
sacudida	-2
saga	-1
sagacidad	3
sagrado	1
salud	3
saludar	1
salutacion	1
salutación	1
salvable	1
salvacion	3
salvación	3
salvador	3
salvaguardar	2
salvaje	-4
salvajemente	-5
sancion	-1
sanción	-1
sandez	-4
sangriento	-3
sanguinario	-4
sanguinolento	-2
sano	2
santificar	3
santo	3
santuario	2
santurron	-2
santurrón	-2
saquear	-2
sarcasmo	-3
sarcastico	-3
sarcástico	-3
satanico	-5
satánico	-5
satirico	-2
satírico	-2
satisfaccion	4
satisfacción	4
satisfacer	1
satisfactoriamente	1
satisfactorio	2
satisfecho	2
saturacion	-3
saturación	-3
saturado	-3
sazonar	1
secamente	1
seco	-1
secretamente	-1
secreto	-1
secta	-4
secuela	-3
secuestrado	-3
secuestrar	-3
secundon	-2
secundón	-2
sed	-1
sedoso	3
seduccion	3
seducción	3
seductor	1
seductoramente	1
segregacion	-2
segregación	-2
seguramente	3
seguridad	2
seguro	3
seleccionado	1
senalar	1
sencillamente	2
sencillez	3
sencillisimo	4
sencillísimo	4
sencillo	3
senil	-3
senor	2
sensacion	2
sensación	2
sensacional	-2
sensacionalista	-3
sensatamente	3
sensibilidad	3
sensible	3
sensiblemente	4
sensibleria	-1
sensiblería	-1
sensiblero	-4
sensibloide	-4
sensual	3
sensualisimo	4
sensualísimo	4
sentimental	-1
sentimentalismo	-1
sentimentalmente	3
sentimentaloide	-2
sentir	-3
señalar	1
señor	2
separacion	-2
separación	-2
serenamente	2
serenidad	3
sereno	2
seriamente	3
seriedad	3
serio	2
servicial	-1
servicio	-2
servidos	1
servil	-3
severidad	-3
severo	-2
sexual	2
sexualmente	2
sexy	4
sibarita	3
sida	-5
sigiloso	-2
significativamente	1
significativo	2
silencio	-2
silenciosamente	1
silencioso	1
silvestre	-1
simpatia	4
simpatía	4
simpatico	3
simpático	3
simple	-1
simplemente	1
simpleza	-2
simplicidad	1
simplificado	-1
simplificar	1
simplista	-1
simplisticamente	-1
simplísticamente	-1
simplon	-3
simplón	-3
simular	-1
simultaneamente	2
simultáneamente	2
sinceramente	4
sinceridad	3
sincero	3
sinfonico	3
sinfónico	3
singular	4
siniestramente	-3
siniestro	-3
sinrazon	-4
sinrazón	-4
sintetico	-1
sintético	-1
sintoma	-1
síntoma	-1
sinuoso	-2
sinverguenza	-4
sinvergüenza	-4
sinvivir	-4
sistema	-1
sistematicamente	4
sistemáticamente	4
soberbia	-4
soberbiamente	4
sobornar	-2
sobrado	3
sobras	-2
sobreactuado	-4
sobreactuar	-2
sobrecarga	2
sobrecogedor	5
sobrecogido	3
sobrecogimiento	3
sobredosis	-4
sobresaliente	4
sobresalir	4
sobresaltar	-2
sobriamente	2
sobriedad	3
sobrio	2
socavado	-2
social	2
socialmente	2
socio	1
soez	-3
sofisticado	3
solamente	-1
sólamente	-1
soleado	3
soledad	-3
solemne	1
solemnemente	1
solidamente	1
sólidamente	1
solidaridad	3
solidez	4
solido	3
sólido	3
solitario	-1
sollozar	-1
solo	-2
sólo	-1
soltar	-2
soltura	3
solucion	3
solución	3
solucionado	2
solucionar	3
solvencia	4
solventado	2
solventar	3
sombra	-1
sombreado	-2
sombriamente	-2
sombríamente	-2
sombrio	-1
sombrío	-1
someramente	-2
somero	-2
someter	-1
sonado	3
sonador	2
sonoramente	1
sonoro	1
sonreir	1
sonreír	1
sonrisa	4
soñado	3
soñador	2
soporifero	-1
soporífero	-1
soportable	1
soportar	-1
sordido	-3
sórdido	-3
sorprendente	3
sorprendentemente	1
sorprendido	2
sorpresa	1
sorpresivo	-1
sosaina	-2
sosegado	2
soso	-2
sospecha	-2
sospechosamente	-4
sospechoso	-2
sostener	1
sostenible	1
suave	3
suavecito	2
suavemente	3
suavidad	3
suavizado	2
subdesarrollado	-1
subida	2
subjetivo	2
sublime	5
subliminal	-2
subnormal	-3
subrealistas	-3
subsanar	3
subversion	-2
subversión	-2
subversivo	-3
subvertir	-3
suceso	-2
suciedad	-3
sucio	-2
sucumbir	-2
suelto	-1
sueno	1
sueño	1
suerte	1
suficiente	2
suficientemente	1
sufrido	-1
sufridor	-3
sufrimiento	-4
sufrir	-3
suicida	-3
suicidar	-4
suicidio	-5
sujecion	-2
sujeción	-2
sulfurado	-4
sumamente	4
sumergir	2
sumision	-2
sumisión	-2
sumiso	-2
suntuoso	3
supender	-2
superacion	1
superación	1
supercentrico	4
súpercéntrico	4
supercontento	4
superficial	-1
superficialidad	-3
superficialmente	-1
superfluamente	-1
superfluo	-3
superheroe	4
superhéroe	4
superheroico	3
superior	4
superioridad	2
supermadura	4
supersencilla	4
supersticion	-3
superstición	-3
superventas	4
supervivencia	2
suposicion	-1
suposición	-1
supremo	4
supresion	-3
supresión	-3
supuestamente	-2
sureno	1
sureño	1
surrealista	-2
suspender	-1
suspension	-3
suspensión	-3
suspenso	-3
suspiro	2
sustancia	1
sustancial	2
sustancialmente	3
susto	-2
susurrado	-3
sutil	2
sutileza	2
sutilmente	2
tablas	-1
tabu	-1
tabú	-1
tacto	4
tajante	-1
talentazo	5
talento	4
talentoso	3
talla	3
tangible	1
tanido	-3
tañido	-3
tapujo	-2
taquillero	4
tardar	-1
tarde	-1
tarea	-1
tarugo	-4
teatralmente	-2
tecnicamente	1
técnicamente	1
tecnologicamente	2
tecnológicamente	2
tecnologico	1
tecnológico	1
tedio	-4
tedioso	-2
tema	-1
temazo	3
temblar	-3
temblor	-2
temblorosamente	-2
temer	-4
temeroso	-2
temor	-3
temperamental	-2
tempestad	-1
temprano	1
tenacidad	2
tenebroso	-2
tensar	-2
tension	-2
tensión	-2
tenso	-2
tentacion	-2
tentación	-2
tentador	2
tenue	2
tercermundista	-4
terminal	-3
ternura	4
terremoto	-4
terrenal	1
terrible	-4
terriblemente	-5
terror	-5
terrorificamente	-5
terroríficamente	-5
terrorifico	-4
terrorífico	-4
terrorismo	-4
terrorista	-4
terroso	-1
tesoro	3
testarudo	-3
tetrico	-3
tétrico	-3
tibiamente	-2
tibio	-2
tiburon	-1
tiburón	-1
tierno	3
tieso	-1
timidamente	-2
tímidamente	-2
timidez	-2
timido	-2
tímido	-2
timo	-3
tiniebla	-1
tipico	1
típico	1
tirado	3
tirania	-3
tiranía	-3
tirar	-3
tiroteo	-4
tocho	-3
todopoderoso	3
tolerancia	2
tolerante	1
tolerar	2
tongo	-4
tontamente	-4
tonteria	-2
tontería	-2
tonterias	-3
tonterías	-3
tonto	-3
topico	-2
tópico	-2
torcer	-1
torcido	-1
tormento	-4
tormentoso	-1
torpe	-2
torpemente	-2
torpeza	-3
torrente	-1
torrido	3
tórrido	3
tortazo	1
tortuoso	-3
tortura	-5
torturado	-1
torturar	-5
tosquedad	-2
toston	-4
tostón	-4
totalmente	1
toxicomano	-3
toxicómano	-3
toxina	-3
tozudamente	-4
trabajado	3
trabajador	2
tradicion	2
tradición	2
tradicional	-1
tradicionalmente	1
tragedia	-3
tragicamente	-3
trágicamente	-3
tragico	-3
trágico	-3
traicion	-4
traición	-4
traicionado	-3
traicionar	-4
traidor	-4
tramado	-2
trampa	-3
tramposo	-2
trance	-2
tranquilamente	2
tranquilidad	3
tranquilito	2
tranquilo	2
transformacion	1
transformación	1
transgredir	-1
transparencia	3
transparente	1
trapicheo	-2
trascendental	3
trascendente	3
trastada	-3
trastocar	-1
trastornado	-3
trastornar	-1
traumatico	-4
traúmatico	-4
traumatismo	-2
traumatizado	-4
traumatizar	-3
travesura	-1
travieso	-1
tregua	-2
tremendamente	-3
tremendista	5
tremendo	-3
trepidante	-2
tributo	2
trifulca	-2
trillado	-4
triste	-3
tristemente	-4
tristeza	-3
triston	-3
tristón	-3
triunfante	3
triunfantemente	3
triunfar	4
triunfo	4
trivial	-1
trivializar	-2
trofeo	1
tropezar	-1
tropical	1
tropiezo	-2
truco	-1
truculento	-4
tumor	-2
tumultuoso	-2
tunido	-3
túnido	-3
turbio	-3
turbulento	-3
ubicuo	-1
ultimamente	1
últimamente	1
ultimatum	-1
ultimátum	-1
ultrajar	-4
ultraje	-3
unicamente	2
únicamente	2
unico	2
único	2
unidad	2
unidimensional	-2
unido	2
uniforme	1
uniformemente	1
union	1
unión	1
unisono	1
unísono	1
universal	3
universalidad	2
universalmente	1
urbano	1
urgencia	-1
usabilidad	1
uso	-1
usurero	-4
usurpacion	-2
usurpación	-2
usurpador	-3
usurpar	-2
util	4
útil	4
utilidad	1
utilisimo	5
utilísimo	5
utilizable	1
utilizacion	3
utilización	3
utopico	-1
utópico	-1
vaciar	-2
vacilacion	-2
vacilación	-2
vacilante	-1
vacilar	-2
vacio	-1
vacío	-1
vacuo	-3
vagabundo	-1
vagamente	-1
vago	-3
vaguedad	-2
valentia	4
valentía	4
valerosamente	3
valeroso	4
validacion	3
validación	3
validez	1
valido	1
válido	1
valiente	4
valientemente	3
valioso	3
valor	4
valoracion	3
valoración	3
valorado	2
vampiro	-3
vanguardista	3
vanidad	-2
vano	-2
vapulear	-2
variable	-1
variado	2
variedad	2
variopinto	1
vasto	1
vehemencia	-1
velludo	-1
veloz	2
vencedor	3
vencer	3
vendido	-2
veneno	-3
venenoso	-5
venerar	2
venganza	-4
vengativo	-3
ventaja	3
ventajoso	4
ventilacion	1
ventilación	1
veracidad	3
veraniego	3
verdad	1
verdaderamente	3
verdadero	3
vergonzosamente	-3
vergonzoso	-3
verguenza	-3
vergüenza	-3
vernaculo	-1
vernáculo	-1
verosimil	1
verosímil	1
versatilidad	2
vertedero	-2
vertiginosamente	1
vertiginoso	1
viabilidad	1
viable	2
vibora	-2
víbora	-2
viciado	-3
vicio	-3
victima	-4
víctima	-4
viejo	-2
vigente	1
violacion	-5
violación	-5
violar	-4
violencia	-5
violentamente	-2
violento	-4
virginal	1
virgueria	4
virguería	4
virico	-4
vírico	-4
viril	1
virtud	3
virtuoso	4
virus	-3
viscoso	-3
visible	1
visiblemente	1
visionario	3
vistosamente	2
vistoso	3
vital	3
vitalidad	2
vividamente	3
vívidamente	3
vivido	3
vívido	3
vivo	2
volcar	-3
voluntariamente	3
voluntarioso	3
voluptuoso	4
volver	-2
vomitar	-1
vulgar	-4
vulgaridad	-4
vulgarizar	-2
vulnerable	-2
xenofobia	-4
yacer	-2
yermo	-2
zafiamente	-2
zafio	-4
zamparse	-3
zombi	-1
zueco	-1
